ticdc: Include local:// and s3:// sink support (#5520)
pingcap/docs: br/use-br-command-line-tool.md

In the above example, for the incremental backup data, BR records the data changes and the DDL operations during `(LAST_BACKUP_TS, current PD timestamp]`. When restoring data, BR first restores DDL operations and then the data.

### Point in Time recovery (experimental feature)

> 

Reviewer: @kennytm Could you help explain what this feature is, the user scenarios, and what users should pay attention to?

Author: The senario:

- Backup is taken every 3 hours (06:00, 09:00, 12:00, ...)
- TiCDC is enabled

Now when at 08:00 someone accidentally truncates the wrong table:
- The backup from 06:00 gets restored
- Then after this restore the `cdclogs` from 06:00 until just before 08:00 are applied

The result is that the RPO (Restore Point Objective, time in history to which the database gets restored) can be chosen freely. Without this the changes between 06:00 and 08:00 whould have been lost.

Reviewer: Could you give a short summary of what Point in Time recovery is (like "Point in Time recovery is an experimental feature introduced in vx.x that allows you to freely choose the RPO... For example, suppose that BR performs backup every three hours and TiCDC is enabled...") and then the example?

```shell

> br restore cdclog --storage local:///data/cdclog --start-ts $START_TS --end-ts $END_TS

Reviewer: Since this is the user document, could you explain a bit about this command? What this command is about? Is it how they can use the Point in Time recovery feature?

> br backup restore cdclog --storage local:///data/cdclog --start-ts $START_TS --end-ts $END_TS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
br restore cdclog --storage local:///data/cdclog --start-ts $START_TS --end-ts $END_TS
```

```

> 1. Restore a full backup with `br backup restore`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Restore a full backup with `br restore full`
```

2. Restore incremental backup(s) (optional)

> 3. Use `br restore cdclog` to restore the transactions that happened after the last incremental backup.

Reviewer: Are they the steps to perform the Point in Time recovery?

> 3. Use `br backup restore cdclog` to restore the transactions that happened after the last incremental backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Use `br restore cdclog` to restore the transactions that happened after the last incremental backup.
```

In the above example, for the incremental backup data, BR records the data changes and the DDL operations during `(LAST_BACKUP_TS, current PD timestamp]`. When restoring data, BR first restores DDL operations and then the data.

> ### Point in Time recovery (experimental feature)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Point-in-time recovery (experimental feature)
```

> Where full backups and incremental backups allow you to the time of the backup was taken, Point in Time recovery allows you to restore to a point in time of your choosing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Point-in-time recovery (PITR) allows you to restore data to a point in time of your choice.
```

> An example scenario would be to take a full backup every day and take incremental backups every 6 hours and then use TiCDC for Point in Time recovery. For this example assume the full backup was taken at 00:00 and the first incremental was taken at 06:00. If you now would like to restore the database to the state of 07:16 you would first restore the full backup and the incremental backup and finally you would use TiCDC logs to fill in the gap between 06:00 and 07:16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example scenario would be to take a full backup every day and take incremental backups every 6 hours and then use TiCDC for PITR. Assume that on one day, the full backup was performed at 00:00 and the first incremental backup was performed at 06:00. If you want to restore the database to the state of 07:16, you can first restore the full backup (taken at 00:00) and the incremental backup (taken at 06:00), and then restore TiCDC logs that fill in the gap between 06:00 and 07:16.
```

> Restoring the TiCDC logs can be done like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To peform the PITR, you can take the following steps:
```

> 1. Restore a full backup with `br restore full`
> 2. Restore incremental backup(s) (optional)
> 3. Use `br restore cdclog` to restore the transactions that happened after the last incremental backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Restore a full backup using `br restore full`.
2. (optional) Restore incremental backup(s).
3. Use `br restore cdclog` to restore the transactions that happened after the last incremental backup. The complete command to execute is as follows:
```

> 
> ```shell
> br restore cdclog --storage local:///data/cdclog --start-ts $START_TS --end-ts $END_TS
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    ```shell
    br restore cdclog --storage local:///data/cdclog --start-ts $START_TS --end-ts $END_TS
    ```
```

> Here `local:///data/cdclog` is the location of the TiCDC logs. This could be on the local filesystem or on external storage like S3. The `$START_TS` is the end position of the restore from the last restored backup (either a full backup or an incremental backup). The `$END_TS` is the point to which you want to restore your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the command above:

        - `local:///data/cdclog` is the location of the TiCDC logs. This might be on the local filesystem or on the external storage like S3.
        - `$START_TS` is the end position of the restore from the last restored backup (either a full backup or an incremental backup).
        - `$END_TS` is the point to which you want to restore your data.
```
